The Last Hope						

INTRODUCTION
THE LAST HOPE is a simple spaceship shooting game. Just shoot out all the asteroids and defend them from crossing and colliding with your planet for some time. The fast moving asteroids do double damage to your planet but they also provide you some bonus objects. Legend:-
S:- 	Increase ship speed
W:-	Weapon upgrade
B:-	Increase Bomb
L:-	Increase Life 	
			Firing Bomb destroys all the Asteroids present on the screen but they don't earn you points and goodies. And yes, the more you fire, the more your score decreases so take care of your accuracy.

CONTROLS
Controls information can be obtained at the beginning of the Game
 
CHEATS
Type "astalavista" at the beginning, this will activate cheat mode
Press "`" (at the top left corner of keyboard below Escape) during gameplay and enter cheat code.

Code		Actions			

givemealife	Adds extra life
lightspeed	Increase ship speed 
hiroshima	Add bomb
qualityfire		Weapon upgrade
			NOTE:- Using Cheat codes decreases your score so if you want to  earn a high score then Never use Cheat Codes.

FOR ADVANCED GAME PROGRAMMERS
Hello Expert Game programmers out there. I consider myself as an average graphics programmer and I am familiar with GDI objects. Though this is my first game but I didn't really had trouble with graphics or game codes but I lack game programming skills. If you could give me some help then I will be thankful to you. Actually I am quite dissatisfied with the game speed in my pc. I have a 256 MB ram and 2.66GHz celeron processor but still sometimes the game runs slow and sometimes normal in my PC. I operated my game with timer control and there are many FOR loops in my program (for moving ship, fire, asteroid ; rotating them and collision detection). Also I wanted to add some enemy spacecrafts so Please see if you can suggest. Mail me at PRO_SCIENCE108@YAHOO.COM

CREDITS
Any game requires multimedia. But hey I am a programmer not an artist or musician, so I used some music and sprites from other resources. I don't think there were any copyrights and if there were then also I didn't used my game for commercial purpose so if somebody have some problem with sound and other stuffs then mail me. Credits can be seen after finishing the game.